A healthy, beautiful smile helps you
approach the world with confidence
and it helps to have financial options
when deciding about treatment options.
CareCredit is a healthcare credit card
exclusively for your health,
beauty and wellness expenses.
The CareCredit credit card can help you
get the dental care you need and want
to achieve the smile
you've always dreamed of.
We're here for one reason to make it
easier for families to have access
to the care they want to help
them feel and look their best.
And it's reassuring to know that nine out
of 10 card holders would recommend
CareCredit to a friend.
Ideal for treatment and services not
covered by insurance
CareCredit is perfect for all your dental
care, including co-pays,
deductibles and other out-of-pocket costs
not covered by insurance.
Accepted at more than 175,000 providers nationwide,
CareCredit can be used
for everyone in the family, for dentistry,
cosmetic procedures, LASIK surgery,
eyeglasses, hearing aids and much more.
It can also be used for those
other beloved family members.
Our pets.
It's easy to apply for CareCredit
and you'll receive an answer
almost immediately.
Once you're approved,
you can use CareCredit to pay
for treatment even before you get your card,
eliminating the need
to postpone or stretch out treatment.
Once you have the CareCredit healthcare
credit card, you can reuse it over
and over again with no need to reapply,
subject to credit approval.
Your practice has made financing options
available and will be happy to provide
you with information about how they work.
Speak to your practice team to learn more.
It only takes a few minutes to apply
and you can do it right now.
CareCredit is all about making it easy
for you to achieve a bright,
beautiful and healthy smile.
Use your smartphone now to go online
to learn more and apply
at CareCredit.com.